SalesWings Actions docs deploy (#4153)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-saleswings/index.md

---
title: SalesWings (Actions) Destinaton
hide-boilerplate: true
hide-dossier: true
private: true
id: 63d17a1e6ab3e62212278cd0
---

{% include content/plan-grid.md name="actions" %}

[SalesWings](https://www.saleswingsapp.com/){:target="_blank"} is a lead scoring platform that offers a user-friendly, no-code solution to identify your leads' true interests. The SalesWings Destination enables using the data collected in Segment to identify, tag and prioritize your leads in SalesWings for your Marketing and Sales teams.

## Getting started

> 1. From the Segment web app, click **Catalog**, then click **Destinations**.
> 2. Find the Destinations Actions item in the left navigation, and click it.
> 3. Click **Configure SalesWings (Actions)**.
> 4. Select an existing Source to connect to SalesWings (Actions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. From the Segment web app, navigate to **Connections > Catalog** and select the **Destinations** tab of the catalog. 
2. Search for **SalesWings (Actions)** and select the destination. 
3. Click **Configure SalesWings (Actions)**.
4. Select an existing Source to connect to SalesWings (Actions).
```

| Segment Event | `Kind` value | `Data` value                                                | Custom Event Activity         |
| ------------- | ------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------- |
| Track         | Track        | The name of the Track event, for example, `User Registered` | `[Track] User Registered`     |
| Identify      | Identify     | The email address as identified by Segment                  | `[Identify] peter@example.com |
| Screen        | Screen       | The name of the screen                                      | `[Screen] Home View`          |

You can override these defaults in the action configuration and map `Kind` and `Data` to static values, or map them to other properties that are part of the Segment event.

> All the defaults can be overridden in the action configuration, you can either set `Kind` and `Data` to static values, or map them to string properties from Segment events.

Reviewer 2: Hi @markzegarelli, thank you for the changes.

Once question: the second sentence seems to be redundant now, can we remove it?

Author: Yes, thank you! Removed.

> All the defaults can be overridden in the action configuration, you can either set `Kind` and `Data` to static values, or map them to string properties from Segment events.

Author: ```suggestion

```
